Business Model
-       Is it a big/unique idea?
			BIG market
-       What is your key value proposition?
			Make your website work for you
-       How do you plan on making this a successful business?
			Establishing a beach head in the market though a service business. This will do two things: acquire customers and bring in revenue for continued platform improvement.
				We service
				Partner firms / independants service
				self service / partners
-       Have you thought about competition, how to scale, acquiring customers, revenue model etc.?
			yes
-       Have you identified a specific target market?
			Businesses with 1-5 employees where 1 employee has primary responsibility over the website.

Execution & Design
-       What feedback have you gotten to inspire your Minimum Viable Product?
			Concerns that it will be easier
			Concerns it will be possible.
			Squarespace / Wix / whatever work OK how is this different?
-       Did you build a prototype (paper or powerpoint is ok)?
			Yes!
-       How effective is your a "Minimal Viable Product" for the weekend (be it software, hardware, etc.)?
			It is an improvement over the dev tool and eliminates the technical risk.
-       How functional is your technical demo?
			It reads, saves, and serves one website.
-       How easy is it for the user to navigate and use your product?
			Need to work on this.
-       Were you able to incorporate customer feedback into the solution?

 

Customer Validation
-       Did your team get out and talk to customers?
			Yes, 2 presales
-       Who will be your users, who will be your customers (are they different)?
			Businesses with 1-5 employees (2 committed)
-       How many users have you interviewed?
			~4
-       Did you target the correct people to interview?
			Users of the product who own the website
-       What did you learn from your customer interviews (revenue)?
			people hate their website but feel it is necessary
-       What are the core needs of your users?
			have a website they feel empowered to change.


I've been able to make websites for 20 years. Unfortunately most people today, even with advanced content management systems don't have websites that drive results ($).